# Text Based Browser
 
Probably the most demoralising of the four projects I’ve now completed. Whereas other projects inspired investigation, learning and confidence building; this project featured poor explanations of tasks and huge jumps in expectations between “work on project” stages. A fundamentally floored testing process proved incredibly frustrating and after two days of trying everything to pass a project stage I was forced to look at the solutions...only to discover others had basically been forced to incorporate dubious coding tactics to progress to the next stage. For example there’s one stage where you are meant to produce just the hyperlinks from a website in blue.....however you put anything in blue in the output and the test will pass. Another stage you are basically told “Google Beautiful Soup” and then expected to be able to proficiently use it in your project, however the example output was so vague understanding the exact requirements proved to be a minefield of assumptions surrounding what the output result was expected. However all of this was eclipsed by the biggest problem with this project. Early on you are told to enable you program to create a directory after the script is executed from the command line module, as soon as you get through this stage you will likely spend countless hours trying to work out all the differences between what your code does in PyCharm vs. what has happened when you click the “Check” button. This detachment between the PyCharm results and the JetBrains system check’s results in a level of frustration I didn’t think existed until now. How are you meant to understand what has gone wrong if all you receive as feedback is “Failed Test #4”. Simply put you can’t, all you can do is go back and edit part of your code and click the “Check” button again. This click and pray method quickly gets old when everything has been tried and tested on for the umpteenth time on your side before you realise that the checks performed via the JetBrains system have resulted in a different outcome to the code on your PyCharm tool.  Ultimately, tread carefully with this project as I genuinely believe there are much better tutorials out there for learning how to interact with HTML via Python. 